All guys welcome back.
So we discussed white papers and what those are in our last lecture.
Now let's discuss how to make one book before we create anything we need to establish a few things up
front.
Number one what's our white paper topic going to be about what are we going to write about.
It should be a specific topic or a problem that we specifically can provide insight or a solution for.
And since this is a white paper we should have some evidence of some kind perhaps some data or independent
or unique research we've done that we can present to reinforce whatever argument we're trying to make.
Number two we need to figure out is who is the audience we're specifically targeting with this white
paper.
Now you might be trying to get new customers people who obviously haven't heard of you yet but would
have an interest in your products or services.
This also could be your current customers as well helping to reinforce the decision they made to buy
your product or service or to get them to upscale or to move to a bigger product or whatever.
Either way it was you know who the audience is will better help you prepare for writing the material
you want to write it for a specific group of people.
Generally speaking you can make a wide ranging white papers you see wide ranging white papers on top
marketing tactics of 2017 and they're huge.
But those are not nearly as effective because who who exactly is going to download that.
It's too wide of a group.
You might get a lot of tuna in your net with that one you might catch a lot of people that are not actually
in your target markets kind of always.
The third thing you need to ask yourself is What are we trying to accomplish by creating this white
paper.
Most likely we're trying to get leads so if we put this document on a form where they have to enter
information makes a lot of sense.
But at the same time are trying to prove some things right want to prove that we know we're talking
about that we're an expert on whatever this topic is and then if readers want to know more connecting
with us would be in their best interest.
Once you answer those questions well start writing.
So let's consider a scenario here.
Let's say I wanted to write a white paper to help people design better mobile apps.
It's been done.
But you could certainly make something that's valuable here perhaps on a mobile app developer myself
and my business is consulting with businesses to create an app for them whatever.
So what better way to prove I know what I'm talking about than creating a white paper outlining some
of the expertise I have to offer.
Usually it's a good thing.
The first thing to do is come up with a great title.
So consider who your audience is and a common problem they deal with.
You probably need to identify the problem quickly to make it interesting and relevant and build up to
a solution which you offer through research and data.
But your title should really sum it all up quickly and concisely.
But just because your white paper might provide data and be more academic in tone it doesn't mean you
should force an academic sounding title onto it doesn't have to be written like a medical journal.
Think about it Would you rather read a white paper called the detrimental effects of current design
trends on mobile app adoption and effectiveness.
I almost fell asleep or 10 easy ways to design a better app.
Your title should be clear and descriptive but also it's got to be interesting to your audience and
the value can't be just buried somewhere in there.
That's not something that they have to snuggle up by the fire with.
But also you shouldn't put them to sleep when they read it.
OK so once you just pick that title then you just need to get into writing it.
Now most white papers have a similar structure so follow along here and you'll probably be in good shape.
So the first thing you want to do is you only just create an outline.
Do yourself a favor and just outline the white paper will save you time as you put it all together and
keep you from forgetting anything.
Now a classic white paper outline includes the sections you generally have an introduction.
Then you have a background background on the problem.
Background on the solution or background on who you are and it's a little sales.
Then what you want to do is a statement of the problem.
Talk about how bad it is what we've experienced and maybe why then you will generally want to cover
your solution and then your conclusion.
Now each section is important to prove your argument you're making in the white paper.
Let's look at the introduction.
Well like any written piece you're going to need to immediately get the attention of your audience.
What relevant problem are you going to address in this white paper.
Why should the reader care.
Why should they spend all their time reading the next 20 pages.
And what do you propose as a solution.
You shouldn't go into great detail here since this is obviously just an intro but it needs to be interesting
and compelling enough so people will want to keep reading and they know the stakes of what they're about
to learn.
Your introduction might run down the current problems with let's say ride sharing apps including the
major issues that are affecting people using apps or recommending than others.
And you've got some industry data let's say showing satisfaction is down.
So you have a proposal which you state quickly and clearly here and you tell the reader what to expect
as they read on because there are benefits to following your advice including increased user satisfaction
and let's say improved word of mouth.
Everything here is included for your audience and it should compel them to read on.
So provide some background give your reader the lay of the land what's happening in the world right
now what's happening in their specific industry.
So this is where you dig in with a recap of some current events and trends.
Maybe gyms are facing a downturn right now.
New registrations are down x percent in the last X years.
For example if your readers are gym owners well they'll recognize this problem or at least you can expose
the problem to them and then educate them.
The next section is stating the problem.
So what problem do you plan on solving with this white paper.
Make sure you state it very clearly.
This means describing the problem explaining who it's affecting right now and why it will be a good
thing to solve it.
Do you have data or research to prove that there's a problem.
Well this is the place you want to share it.
For addressing that same problem let's say with gym memberships what would explain why there's a downturn.
Maybe people are just working out more at home maybe they're using free streaming services like YouTube
or paid ones they already have like Netflix to consume their workout programs.
Who knows maybe there is one or two other major issues causing brick and mortar gym locations the struggle.
Outline them here with evidence and with some data.
Make the problem real and relevant to your reader.
This affects them well they'll be compelled to know how to fix it if they don't then they're probably
not your target market.
And here's why.
These first few items are especially important if you write up a solid intro and problem statement.
Both things will directly help you write copy for your landing page for this White Paper your landing
page needs to clearly state what the white papers about what it will cover who its for and why they
should care.
So once you create those pieces in your outline you'll be ahead of the game by a mile.
So now that you've stated the problem really gotten in there and rubbed it in.
Now you want to outline your solution.
So break down your solution for the reader into pieces.
What exactly do you propose what steps do they need to take to reverse this negative trend you've identified.
Are these steps people can actually follow.
Explain it fully.
Is there data to back up your proposal.
Try to share that as well.
And are there some customer success stories or other examples that show this solution really works.
Those will be really effective to prove your point.
So how are we going to directly counteract the problem we've laid out.
Let's say the problem we're trying to solve for app developers is how to speed up the development process
so your solution is a set of tactics to help developers more easily repurposed code from apps that are
already built.
In fact you've got let's say five things they can do.
So outline those solutions and make sure each one is clearly communicated with steps to follow examples
to show how it works and data if it helps your case as well.
Evidence of someone using your solution and then finding success also would be perfect right about here.
But as far as your conclusions just pretty much just some everything up tie up the problem solution
a neat little bow and remind the reader what benefits will see if they follow your advice.
Also a good place where you can predict the future if you think it's going to get worse or we don't
know what's going to happen.
You've created the pieces already in this outline so remind them of the current state of things.
Tell them that problem give them the solution and sell this solution more time by stating the benefits
of the following plan.
So once the written part is taken care of give your white paper a decently looking design.
It's a white paper it's all academic doesn't need to look fantastic but at the same time nobody wants
to look at a plain sheet of paper.
When you're designing and keep these ideas in mind.
Your end product is going to be a PTF not a page on line so you need to figure out what to use to write
it and design it.
Apps like you know word Indesign or even google docs do have options for this.
However templates can help quite a bit.
There's a toolset called Karrada that you can use and they have ones for Microsoft Word.
Ironically they make you complete a form in order to get the templates they have bought.
Are decent again.
Also I like to harp on this one but Kanva use Kanva a lot for this type of stuff although formatting
text on their site is a little tricky.
Can be a bit of a pain past that I'd also say just check out InDesign.
I think it's Adobe but it's really made for print design and so they just have tons and tons of templates
you can use if you really want to buy a template.
Pretty sure there are sites like in Vado market and like theme forest and stuff like that that actually
sell written out collateral themes that you can convert for a white paper Passat.
Always remember to include your company name and logo as part of that design.
Here is a very simple example.
Single sign on for mobile apps from koni.
OK right on the first page you see their logo so it's pretty easy to know who this is from.
Next step I'd say is use a simple color scheme that plays off any colors in your logo or product like
if you have a red and white logo and the pages will obviously be white because it's white paper but
your headers and other design elements could then be the alternate color of red or a neutral color like
gray and next up well you probably need to create some graphs or pie charts or something right.
Well if you have data in Excel you can create something in there using those built in graph tools.
Everybody will recognize those and if they recognize it it means it looks like you didn't put a lot
of effort into it so you can also plot out some better looking graphs on a site called plot.
Lee It's like plot L Y.
All you really have to do is just provide the data in a C S V file or a tabbed format which is actually
pretty easy in Excel you just save it you save as.
Don't say it as an Excel file save it as a CXXVI or you can actually just copy and paste it from a spreadsheet
into the Web site.
So this plot the graph on the comic book movies released per year looks pretty nice and yet terrifying
at the same time.
So once you've got a well-designed awesomely written white paper it's time to post it and promote it
using different channels including social media to spread the word about this new paper and drive people
to the landing page where they can download it include some of the great copy you wrote for your white
paper on the landing page.
Your introduction would make for good material as to why the problem you're stating is valid and relevant
and use bullets to quickly outline what readers will get when they download the paper.
Don't be too redundant because a veteran reads the tire landing page and then they read the first few
pages of your white paper and the like oh wow.
Same exact thing.
You'll lose a lot of people.
Here's an example 37 Signals It's a company that makes base camp.
They outlined all of these pieces nicely written on a white paper download page.
They even state the questions people ask why should I care about contingency design.
What will I learn from this White Paper and who should read this white paper.
Answer those questions right off the bat and the right audience will give your white paper a look.
All right.
Well there you go.
What white papers should you consider writing.
Give it some thought and make a plan for creating some they can help you get leads just like other formats.
I'll be discussing in the lectures to come to remember that these are magnets which are basically just
things that you then have to go out and promote to get people to come to the page.
Remember it is always two parts to this.
You have to offer something and you have to attract their attention.
The only thing is that the lead Magnetar lead page.
It's just a lot easier.
It's a lot easier to proliferate this out into the wild and you can use this in combination of the other
sections of the courts like SC m running running ads it's perfect for running ads.
Also MCO a lot of times if you Google something you'll find a lead magnet.
All right guys I'll see you in the next lecture.